I am speed running from bronze to Unreal
last season I spent over 100 hours
getting unreal without moving 308 games
now my goal is 10 hours world record
time I've hired three of Australia's
best players Alex worthy and Luda they
have 10 fncs championships between them
I will not be leaving this setup until I
have unreal we are currently unranked
let's go see what rank we
get start the timer all right we're
dropping here I am terrified these boys
have decided we're dropping Grim gate
every single game they want to kill the
boss get the Mythic get The
Medallion knock
one dead oh Dead all right my team are
already destroying everyone I'm just
sitting in a little corner spraying some
juice on myself contributing absolutely
nothing to my team I told these guys
they get $2,000 each if we get unreal
that is crazy luck it luck it so they
were immediately motivated to destroy
these unranked players it honestly felt
like bullying 10 time fncs Champions
against literal children 5 minutes in I
haven't even got a kill yet I need to
get a kill I need to feel like I'm
contributing full box full box I'm
getting bullied by the people I hired to
get me to one real I didn't pay to get
bullied all right I had enough of that
as a
kid this is a speedrun bro you need to
lock in I'm locked in man it was unfair
but the boys had to get as many kills as
possible so we could get a good starting
rank in the house in the house go go go
now's your chance to shine I'm in I'm
in I got one oh my god get greedy get
greed I'm contributing oh my God I'm
insane unfortunately even against these
players I still struggled I'm being
sniped at and he's using
earthbending okay fire bending
sucks first death of the video already
yeah 14 minutes in getting rebooted for
the first time that's crazy two players
remaining we have 28 kills let me in
nice yes all right let's get our rank
easy win oh come on just give me the
we're doing this it's a speed run gold
three 31% all right you're all bronze
but uh your rank doesn't matter let's
start a reboot counter reboot counter is
one I have a feeling that's going to be
a much higher number by the end of this
game one was pretty embarrassing I only
got two kills I'm hoping to change that
unfortunately we were having very long
cues and that was slowing down our
speedrun so we have to go play on
American Service gold three let's see if
we can get the Platinum this game oh
[__] uh lag I swear I built that wall
luckily these Pro players did not seem
to struggle with the lag we have to get
as many kills as possible every game
there is no time to waste all right I'm
going update the reboot while I'm
getting rebooted now two all right let's
wipe them boys got him oh my God you all
suck don't try and ra your friends
you're all trash and in this Lobby I was
actually able to contribute oh on laggy
servers as
well annihilated you're trash uh one
player remaining let's uh Whack Him with
the pickaxe got 35 kills it's too easy
for us something in this game you know
oh what I wanted to I wanted to pickax
him the Americans are so stupid they
just eliminate
themselves oh too easy too easy we're in
Platinum last time it took me 23 games
to get to platinum sitting there doing
nothing we just did it in two games all
right still on American servers first
game of platinum in game three since the
boys were killing everyone and I was
doing basically nothing I was getting a
little bored so I decided I was going to
build a sky base have a bit of fun and
try and get the final kill got myself
Max Materials my job's done if these
guys just eliminate the rest of the
lobby I'll be good look at my fortnite
clan there I'm now an Esports team we've
started Team Laser I stole these guys
from Team power Lin's team it sounds
better than power it actually doesn't
sound too bad wo whoa wo calm down well
the boys obviously wiped the entire
lobby but I wasn't worried about that
I'm going up I spent all game getting
mats while you guys got 28 kills my turn
to get the kill all right do we know
where the last one is yeah I'm looking
at him right now and this could be a
tough shot hopefully I don't get shot
down oh right the drop off is crazy this
guy is just like trying to enjoy his
like Tuesday or something and he's just
getting bullied he moved so much oh
that hey we got him Max height
snip we didn't even 96 we didn't even
rank up that's actually such a scam game
four was the same we destroyed everyone
I was almost feeling bad that these
Platinum Players were being wiped out by
fncs Champions but I didn't feel that
bad because of of course we're going to
bully the last guy oh the Avatar he's in
the Box he's the final player get him
get him get him yeah we still maintain a
100% win rate over an hour and 30
minutes in how much do I get in Platinum
2 What's Happening
Here 81% though so much of our time had
been spent sitting in cues but the next
game we finally got an Australian server
let's put on a good show on our own
servers oh my God oh my God it feels so
good I was very excited for no lag bro
it feels so nice I'm in heaven there's a
rebooting squad over here now that we're
on our own servers I think I can get
him okay oh my God I swear there's like
two squads here oh [__] oh
[__] oh [__] I got one [__] add one to
the reboot counter all right I'm
back oh God oh God not again not another
yep even on Australian servers I sucked
but the boys certainly don't with zero
lag they were even more deadly and we
got the most kills we've gotten so far
one guy left 48 kills might just start a
storm right now in 3 2
1 oh what no way there is no way you
just did that no way you just called
that l no why is that lowkey crazy oh
with Platinum 3 already all right do we
go all the way up not quite a 48 kill
game I gave you one kill it's been 2
hours we've won every single game early
in the next game Lan joined he wasn't
exactly happy about me stealing his Pro
players hey how do you feel in Lin I've
started an Esports Clan I've signed
three new Pros I don't know if you've
heard of them they're some of the
Region's best don't look at the name
don't look at the name boys watch out
the lawyers are coming I got lawyers too
bro and they're better they're meaner
we'll kill them laser commits crimes
question
mark hey if you guys want to power down
I'll power down the office that's okay
crey get my gun me and the boys
obviously use this as motiv to destroy
the entire Lobby like every game oh my
God I'm insane these early lobbies are
insanely easy right it'll get hard
eventually guys don't worry I don't
think I will you've got 10 fncs winners
on this team between all four of us yep
you know we quickly got to the final
player and like always we bullied them
he's in the bush
guys oh he's he actually was in the bush
oh let me run him over no he's breaking
the car bro it's crazy
oh yes so that counts as something bro I
don't know what that counted us but that
counts as
something Diamond um is it just is the
game going to end bro the game isn't
ending for me I haven't got a victory
Royale screen wait you haven't no I'm
still just going off in the distance oh
I'm getting sleepy we've been going for
3 hours lucky I have some gamer sub did
you notice the giant Tower in the
background I am now partnered with gamer
sub it's a healthier and cheaper
alternative to any drinks and soda it's
got zero sugar zero carbs and less than
one calorie you can get free samples
right
now at least I have enough to get me
through the video eh you can click my
link in the description and you'll
automatically get redirected to the
samples page you just click add to cut
my code is automatically applied code
laser GameStops even has a caffeine free
option so if you don't want the energy
but you just want a great taste you've
got options the samples are free
anywhere in the world so you can try it
3 hours in only 7 hours to get to Unreal
all right these guys were doing
everything I was being insanely carried
but what if I actually did nothing a
throwback to last season all right
beautiful oh it's like I never stopped
doing it it's like I never left let's
see if I'm contributing so little that
they can just win without me I am not
moving at all unfortunately first game
was a disaster I died to storm
immediately but the boys won the game to
keep the win streak alive which also
proved I was contributing nothing and
was completely useless so we tried it
again go win the game boys hurry up
200 dead
dead dead hey man there's still 37
people up I really need to get that
number to zero there's a whole Squad air
bending past me well it's fine they
ain't seen
me oh good Zone good Zone hey I can see
you guys fighting it's almost like I'm
fighting this is so exciting
Dead all right top 20 boys oh I'm just
going to go farm some wood over a shut
up Luda get out of here go get go farm
some kills bro you're falling behind the
boys were getting killed at a great Pace
I was sitting there doing
nothing they were wiping everyone it
wasn't even close Dead Oh top 10 come
on come
on one more one
more
Yep 200 yes let's go yes a win without
moving yes oh real equal Squad win feels
amazing oh let's go we rank up as well
Diamond 2 I tried to do that for 38
games solo it's finally been done fre
gamer UPS on me then everybody hand stay
up and they stay
there unreal that's an unreal player
wait we're already killing unreal
players we're in the big leagues now bro
yeah because Australia doesn't have that
many people playing we are already
getting unreal lobbies but even with
unreal players the pros were
annihilating every player we
saw man they're already dead before I
can see where they've gone over here
yeah on me on me they're already just by
the time you've called them out they're
dead I'm so [__] confused somehow
with unreal players we got more kills
than ever before we wanted to get to 50
oh my God two more people two more kills
for 50 oh hold
on got him nice yes 50 bombs this is the
highest kill game we've ever gotten in
our life we've only got one player left
uh he's is literally emoting oh how many
crowns zero all right I got it beautiful
head shot that's [__] bad we didn't
even rank up after 55 kills oh we're 4
hours in woo lucky I'm going to have
plenty of Game Stops to keep me awake
all through the night we may have 10
fncs championships between us but
playing fortnite for this long can lead
to
mistakes I'm dead there's another one
yeah I I don't have any ammo I'm [__]
dead yeah I'd say just play for the win
streak play for the win streak now
I'm dead after we all died the win
streak was in Alex's hands but he's a
three-time fncs champion it was fine all
right Alex clutched up nice Alex bro
don't worry Guys these lobes sure are
getting serious eh I've updated the
reboot counter a few times that close
call was like a slap in the face it woke
us up we went back to our winning ways
I'm so
[Music]
good I hit that as it ticked over to 420
too get MLG last kill I got him pickax
him yes you're in his
box oh dude it was just about to hit him
it was just about to hit
him 10 wins in a row to start this
Challenge and we rank up Diamond three
elite elite Champion unreal unreal we
are now in some serious lobbies because
the queue for every game was taking so
long it was important we made the most
of every game so we made them count got
one next game was a 50 kill game of
course
oh no scope no scop him all right all
right 51 kill do we make it to Elite no
it's not it's not it's not I'm sorry
boys 51 kill win not enough to get to
Elite come on this is a speedrun our
last Diamond game we've won 11 games in
a row so far let's make a 12 all right
I'm running the Mythic for the first
time in this whole recording let's see
how I
do oh I got someone I'm insane you can't
run from the Mythic bro I finally got it
now I can play just like you guys
I'm reloading I'm reloading got him
every game the boys motivated to break
the previous kill record wait there 60
bomb potential and now they wanted 60
kills got him all right one more for the
bomb get him
no come back bro God damn it h he
actually gone in the he's going in the
storm should I just should I just kill
him kill him kill him cuz I he going to
take the 60 bomb I got him I got him
okay oh all right you got him okay let's
go there's no way I got four kills I
feel awesome and we're ranking up we're
all the way into Elite it had taken us
over 5 hours to get to Elite most of
that time was spent waiting in que it
was important we took a quick break I
went and touch some grass it's really
hard winning 12 straight
games oh yeah rejuvenated myself
otherwise this is world record Pace as
fast as possible I've switched up the
gamer Subs flavor to go with my skin cuz
now I was in Elite I wanted to sit on
reboot Vans and do memes while these
boys destroyed the lobby as we loaded
into our first game of elite the lobbies
were going to get harder but we were
feeling good we were feeling refreshed
the game started as normal but things
slowly started to turn 8 white 8 white
bro disaster
struck we've thrown we've thrown we've
thrown the 12 game win streak was in
Worthy's hands I'm out no no the win
streak no no bro no
why is this guy being weird bro
no
no the win Stak after 12 straight games
we die on spawn it took us 5 hours and
40 minutes to die Focus up we've just
lost percent we cannot afford any more
mistakes this is a speed run knock one
knocked two dead you guys do all that
I'm going to sit on this reboot van I'm
sure even in Elite lobbies this is going
to work the boys went absolutely crazy
this game I wasn't paying him to
lose with you guys killing everyone so
fast someone will have to
reboot War oh oh there's someone coming
they're rebooting but there's a wall
here hold on he still kind of fell for
it all right he's dead good to know even
elite players are that stupid one player
left all right you got him first try 46
kills in a leite gives us 21% are you
trolling we need to do this before 9:00
I got something on at 9:00 the reason we
only had 10 hours to get this done Alex
has to leave 4 hours remaining and maybe
I should have taken this more seriously
but of course I was just going to sit on
reboots oh someone's driving past they
need a reboot
oh
[Laughter]
really oh no they're coming to reboot
they're coming to reboot okay I'm going
standby bro he's coming coming he's
smart he's building around it just just
let it cook let it cook let it cook oh
my god oh oh I'm not in that box I'm
going for
it oh they fell for it at least God damn
it
no
dead dead they're all too smart they
build walls in these lobbies the boys
were doing what they were good at and I
was doing what I was good at absolutely
nothing oh someone's coming here yeah
he's he's liter he oh is running away oh
tragic
tragic you should have rebooted come on
man oh it was 20% that's not terrible at
this point I really should have stopped
sitting on reboot Vans but I was really
committed unfortunately disaster
struck I'm
dead 8 8 W these Pro players all died I
had to clutch up wait it's all on you wa
oh my God and I've already been spotted
oh no no [__] way
oh my god oh that's a second
lost we still got some good percentage
but we're 7 hours in I wasn't paying
these guys to die so the next game I
decided to change things up and take it
super seriously I'm just kidding I sat
on a reboot fan one more attempt bro L
are you going to get any kill man I'm
trying I there's no point paying Pros to
get you to Unreal if you can't sit
around and do nothing well they just
rebooted yeah at the one I just left oh
I'm going to cry there's only one guy
left but no reboot fans I'm just going
to gritty all the way to Champion I'm
not it oh he's he's a come on man let me
take care of him come here
boy do
it Champion woo I failed to do the meme
we were one rank away from unreal but if
we wanted to stop losing I actually had
to step up I was done messing around as
always we landed at GM gate it was time
for the final push this is the big links
I know you're not used to this kind of
pressure I'll show you how it's
done I am here and I'm in
business oh no I'm going crazy today I
have this much energy bro game of Subs
yeah it's all game of Subs our first
game of champion was going
fantastically there's only one player
left 60 kills rebooting rebooting
rebooting rebooting let him get it all
right sure let him reboot no I'm going
to catch him he's going to catch him hey
hey how are you actually caught it hey
yo what's up guys yo guys oh my God how
many
points 63 kill win got us
14% the cues were so long and so boring
occasionally I had to distract
myself I'm trying to draw a trash can
little Sun up
here Luna trash all use code laser
Picasso would be impressed there was no
time for jokes there was no time for fun
oh here you go hello mate we were not
going to lose again we already have 20
bro there's going to be so many people
that get rebooted and [__] oh my God we
can drop like a 70 bomb we were
eliminating players so fast we actually
had the potential for a 70
bomb okay
well there's someone in my car Luna I'm
going to drive towards you yeah drive to
me drive to me I think yeah he's still
in it yep give me uh one
second there's one HP dead
run oh I got him that was actually so
funny 65 kills when you do nothing on
the group project but still get an A
that's how I
feel 67 kills that's actually my record
oh that was only
133% if we win four more games we are
unreal we just can't lose wait just kid
they're in the ground bro they're in the
ground exploiting all right kill those
cheaters cheaters wait I'm dead are you
serious I killed him I'm on 2 Hp I'm
[__] scared let's try not to die to
the cheaters yeah the whole squad's in
the ground I'm dead I need to reload bro
come come he's one he's one he's one
he's one he's one please where is he
he's so low nice my [__] I love you
the cheaters could not beat my Pro play
and we wiped the entire Lobby very
fast easy dub another 5050 kill
game we're now at 60% we're on trip the
next game was going to be perhaps my
most embarrassing of the entire
challenge I need one kill so I did not
get zero in this 50 bomb I'm sorry but
you're going need one donut for the day
so embarrassing this you can't do this
to me I just need one don't be greedy
you guys have so many this
is or just kill him just kill him please
no I can't get over there fast enough I
don't please kill him please I'll kill
him I [__] it I'm just so depressed you
got 51 kills I got so close so many
times but I knock get a single
kill hey but I did get 14% over 9 hours
we need to get this done we were playing
too much fortnite our brains were
completely fried no one should play this
much fortnite 11 players remaining boys
all right I'm getting in a car there's a
guy down here I'm going to start raming
I can't really contribute much else feel
like this just build over here hey
what's going on oh there's three of them
in here oh [__] God wait oh my God
200 oh my God
oh I'm in storm somehow oh [__] oh [__]
I'm dead I can't get my car out I tried
I tried to help I'm
dead oh my God Alex is dead lud's got to
do this himself Luda was the final
player remaining I personally think he
kind of sucks despite being a pro player
but he had a chance to prove me wrong
and clutch up come on he's he's got no
MCH now he just he just got all the wood
never mind he's still M three builds
three
builds no
you are not washed up you are not
overrated don't listen to anyone whoever
says that on God you guys made me so
nervous bro what the [__] was
that that was only a 12% game somehow I
don't know okay this is going to be
Alex's last game if we win this game we
could get unreal this could be our final
game boys it's been an honor the laser
Esports team is off to a great start
you've put on a great show Proud member
of laser here would this be our last
game no no we died [__] hell bro
oh that's heartbreaking 89% yeah let's
go play triers let go play triers all
right goodbye Alex he has to leave all
right good luck later bro it wasn't
going to be the same without all four of
us for the final game he had to go
there's literally a gap where he should
be as well that's that is heartbreaking
all right let's do it for him one last
game he's bro my family is having a go
with me like they want me to play like I
need a play bro are you kidding are you
kidding all right leave leave quick
before bus Le all right that does add an
extra game to our counter but I'll
forgive it he's back he rose from the
dead let's do this one last game one
last
game we had won almost every single game
we just needed one more win to get
unreal got no scope with a pistol I just
got no scope with a pistol I'm crawling
to you L crawl in there I'll block him
with my body nice I knocked one I
knocked two I'm coming get off my dick
nice okay I took two out quick I'm
coming
cracked dead you're all trash live in my
shadow I'm over this [__] last game we
had done all of this in one sitting I
had been rebooted like 16 times I had
ingested more gamer Subs than the human
body should ever ingest I was more gamer
sus than man I don't think I've ever put
like so much into something in my life I
think this is the most committed I've
ever been to something I'm not going to
lie that's bad air Benders are coming
I'm actually dead I'm actually dead no
Ms Luna is dead but I am
not okay my car is
busted
Lon lon's got some Aimbot it was clearly
not going to be a perfect game but we
didn't need it to be hell yeah let's go
let's go win the game top 25 we just
have to win so we could go to bed so we
could be done with this all right this
is the final
team oh I'm still in
get out of here all this hard work it's
about to pay off it's about to pay off
let's [__] do it bro let's [__] do
it dead one remaining for us to get
unreal I'm getting emotional I can't
believe it oh my God no I see him over
there let him one one let him one V one
him oh he's building a One V one give me
some give me everything I need Max
Health get me get me Max this final guy
wants to One V one me just so be clear
if he kills me uh destroy him it doesn't
matter how many kills we get we had to
win the game if we wanted to rank up to
Unreal oh [__] it's about to go down oh
my God this entire speedrun this entire
game had come down to this one V one oh
my god oh [__] oh
[__] nice be crack let's
go yes wait for
it yeah
un yes boys 10 straight hours of
fortnite 25 games 21 wins 956 total
kills 17 reboots
oh unreal